Collect more reliable trace_env (#2012)
r-lib/testthat: NEWS.md

# testthat (development version)

> * New `expect_no_failures()`, `expect_no_successes()` and `expect_snapshot_failure()` provide more options for testing expectations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* New `expect_no_failure()`, `expect_no_success()` and `expect_snapshot_failure()` provide more options for testing expectations.
```

> * `expect_error()` and friends no longer give an uninformation error if they fail inside a magrittr pipe (#1994).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `expect_error()` and friends no longer give an uninformative error if they fail inside a magrittr pipe (#1994).
```
